# Project Name

## Folder Structure

Here's an overview of the project's folder structure:

```plaintext
/
|-- public
|-- src
|   |-- assets
|   |-- components
|   |   |-- Common Components
|   |   |   |-- Button
|   |   |   |-- Header
|   |   |   |-- Input
|   |   |-- Counter
|   |   |-- SignupSignin
|   |   |-- TextEditor
|   |   |-- UserFormData
|   |   |-- UserTrendsChart
|   |-- pages
|   |-- App.css
|   |-- App.jsx
|   |-- firebase.js
|   |-- index.css
|   |-- main.jsx
|-- index.html
|-- vite.config.js
|-- .eslintrc.cjs
|-- .gitignore
|-- package-lock.json
|-- package.json
|-- README.md
```

# Project Folder Structure

## Main Folders
- `public`: Holds static assets like images or the main HTML file.
- `src`: Contains the main source code, including components, assets, and other relevant files.

## Subfolders within `src`
- `assets`: Holds static resources.
- `components`: Contains various React components, with multiple subfolders representing different types of components:
  - `Common Components`: Contains shared UI elements like `Button`, `Header`, and `Input`.
  - `Counter`: Implements a "Counter Component" with increment, decrement, reset, background color changes, and data persistence across re-renders.
  - `SignupSignin`: Implements user authentication with Google Sign-In using Firebase and private/public routes. Also handle mock authentication for validation.
  - `TextEditor`: Aligns with the "Rich Text Editors" requirement, providing rich text editing capabilities and showing user data.
  - `UserFormData`: Implements a "User Data Form" for user data (name, address, email, phone), handles autogenerated user ID, and manages unsaved changes pop.
  - `UserTrendsChart`: Used for visualizing data trends in the user profile, potentially for dashboard visualization.
- `pages`: Contains components representing distinct pages ie. Signup and Dashboard;
- `App.css`, `App.jsx`: The root component and style file for the application.
- `firebase.js`: Handles Firebase integration used for authentication or other back-end services.
- `index.css`, `main.jsx`: `index.css` contains global styles, and `main.jsx` is the main entry point for the React application.

## Other Configuration Files
- `index.html`: The main HTML file for the project.
- `vite.config.js`: Configuration file for Vite, the build tool used in your project.
- `.eslintrc.cjs`: ESLint configuration file, ensuring code quality and consistency.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies files or folders that Git should ignore.
- `package-lock.json`, `package.json`: Define project dependencies and ensure consistent package installations.
- `README.md`: Provides project information and instructions.

